# Introduction:
To help county officials determine a site for a new recreational facility, I created a geospatial analysis of Campbell County, Virginia. The type of park that we are creating is a recreational park that is suitable for casual walking, exercising, picnicking, and enjoying nature. Campbell County is a suitable county for a new recreational park because it has slight elevation, plenty of streams and ponds, and a lot of open land.
Study Area:
Campbell County is located in south central Virginia, and borders the Blue Ridge Mountains. The county study area comprises of thirty-seven census block groups, which is the primary unit of analysis for this project. The variables that determine which block group is the most suitable for a new recreational park are: 
•Terrain/Slope – This helps determine where land may not be developed for future use due to the steep slopes and rougher terrain. The steepness of slopes provides possible hiking and walking trails for public enjoyment. 
•Waterbodies – The suitable block group should comprise of high amounts of waterbodies such as streams and ponds. This provides a scenic attribute for hiking, picnicking, and enjoying nature. 
•Land Cover – This factor helps determine which block group has the desired type of land for a new recreational park. Block groups with developed land or with agriculture usage is less desirable, while block groups with open water, forests, and wetlands are perfect. The forests provide a aesthetic attribute to the location so it is a relaxing location for picnicking and exercising. 
•Roads – This factor provides the information where the possible location of the park is not compromised by roads and it is a scenic journey to the park. A lot of roads will produce traffic and make the park not as relaxing.
•Population – This factor helps determine the suitable block group by showing where the county population resides so that the park does not disturb or misplace any communities, but rather it adds to the experience of the county. 
•Existing Parks – This factor helps determine suitable block groups by showing where parks already exist so the new park does not go there. The new park is not meant to override other established places, it is supposed to add to the beauty of the county. 
•Buildings – This factor helps determine suitable block groups by providing the location of buildings, including homes and others, to make sure the possible locations of the parks do not have already established buildings so no history, or homes are taken by this park. This factor also helps fill in any gaps that the population factor might have missed.

